>> Kyle Simpson: Now that we're serving up
files, the next question we might ask is,
how could I respond to AJAX requests?
How could I have an API endpoint for
my code?
So in our handleRequest,
back to our handleRequest function,
we're gonna set up an if statement.
That if the incoming request
looks like an API request,
we're gonna handle it manually.
Otherwise, for all other requests, we're
gonna hand it off to the file server.
So if,
we'll use a regular expression here,
if the beginning of the string says,
and let me open up our JavaScript file,
just to make sure I remember which
URL we're gonna be trying to hit.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't have it
hard-coded, okay, we'll just pick one.
Let's say, let's call it get-records,
that's the API endpoint that we
want to handle specifically.
So don't need any regular expression for
that,
I can just say (rec.url
== "/get-records").
And if that's the case, we wanna handle
it manually, otherwise we wanna serve
up,
>> Kyle Simpson: So
what do we want to respond with,
when there is a request for
the get-records?
Well, we have a function
already filled in for you,
which is the getAllRecords()
from our previous exercise.
This one should be able to
connect to our database,
and pull out that array of information,
and return it.
So really, all we need to do
is call the getAllRecords(),
and json.stringify that, and
send that out as a JSON response.
Quick note that if, for some reason, at
this moment, your SQLite wasn't working?
You can comment that version out, and just
use this hard-coded one to send some data.
Just so you get the sense of how
we're sending out JSON responses.
Okay, so let's first say,
records = await getAllRecords().
>> Kyle Simpson: And then how are we
gonna send out a JSON response?
Well, it's similar to what we did before.
We're gonna say res.writeHead, and
we're gonna say 200, and here,
we need to send a content type,
>> Kyle Simpson: That
is application/json, and
also, since it's an API
that we we don't want to
be unnecessarily cached?
We should send out a Cache-Control
header that says, no-cache.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
then we're gonna say res.end, and
we'll just json.stringify
the records array.
Okay, so let's restart our server,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
let's test to see if we are, in fact,
able to get,
>> Kyle Simpson: A response
from get-records,
and there's our string of JSON that's
coming in, so that's a good sign.
That now means that from our web
page side, we can make an AJAX call,
and get that data, and then print it.